---
tags: math calculus 
aliases: 
  - 
cssclass: 
---
`relevant links`[[MATH 100]] [[050 Acadmic MOC]]

 # [[Math 100 2.5 - Continuity]]
 ## overall learning objectives:
 pg. 90
 ***concepts***
- definitions of a ***"continuous at a point", "right and left continuous"***
- definition of ***"continuous on a closed interval"***
- what common functions "polynomials, e^x, In(x), trig fn's" are continuous, and on what intervals
- the ***[[Intermediate Value Theorem]]***
- removable discontinuity and types of non-removable discontinuities 

***concepts in context***
- what does it mean for a function to be continuous?
- properties of the continuous functions?
- when the [[Intermediate Value Theorem]] applies and when is it dosen't

***apply concepts***
- that a function is or not continuous at a point
- that a function is or not continuous on a closed interval
- the continuous extension to a point of a function with a removable discontinuity 
 
 ### active recall questions
 - what is a jump discontinuity?
 - what is a removable discontinuity?
 - why is a one-sided and normal limit different?
 - can a one-sided limit be continuous?
 - write the definitions of whether a function is continuous for a limit, left and right handed.
 - describe the continuity test?
 - what is infinite discontinuity?
 - what is oscillating discontinuity?
 - how do continuous functions relate to limit laws?
 - is the inverse of a continuous function still continuous?
 - what is a composition continuous function?
 - what is root finding in the [[Intermediate Value Theorem]]

### examples;